CA1_material/README.md, before:

## Datasets

*iris* from <https://archive.ics.uci.edu/dataset/53/iris>
The files `iris-SV-sepal.csv` and `iris-VV-length.csv` contain variants of the dataset from the UCI data repository, as used in the lecture.
The file `iris-SV-sepal.csv` contains only attributes `sepal_length` and `sepal_width` for instances of the classes `Iris-setosa` and `Iris-versicolor`. It is a two-dimensional dataset for binary classification, where the two classes are linearly separable.
The file `iris-VV-length.csv` contains only attributes `sepal_length` and `petal_length` for instances of the classes `Iris-virginica` and `Iris-versicolor`. It is a two-dimensional dataset for binary classification, where the two classes are not linearly separable.

*credit* from <https://archive.ics.uci.edu/dataset/144/statlog+german+credit+data>
The file `creditDE.csv` contains a variant of the dataset from the UCI data repository.


## Tools

`classification_resources.py` some potentially useful code snippets.
The code is incomplete. Look for dots (## ...) to find the spots you need to fill in and edit to make the code perform the required functionalities.

Commit message:

support vector machines and ensemble methods

CA1_material/README.md, after:

## Methods
Support Vector Machines and Ensemble Methods

## Datasets

*iris* from <https://archive.ics.uci.edu/dataset/53/iris>
The files `iris-SV-sepal.csv` and `iris-VV-length.csv` contain variants of the dataset from the UCI data repository, as used in the lecture.
The file `iris-SV-sepal.csv` contains only attributes `sepal_length` and `sepal_width` for instances of the classes `Iris-setosa` and `Iris-versicolor`. It is a two-dimensional dataset for binary classification, where the two classes are linearly separable.
The file `iris-VV-length.csv` contains only attributes `sepal_length` and `petal_length` for instances of the classes `Iris-virginica` and `Iris-versicolor`. It is a two-dimensional dataset for binary classification, where the two classes are not linearly separable.

*credit* from <https://archive.ics.uci.edu/dataset/144/statlog+german+credit+data>
The file `creditDE.csv` contains a variant of the dataset from the UCI data repository.


## Tools

`classification_resources.py` contains the implementation of useful functions.
